So where did you find
that hack?
I did my research and Dr.
Highland is very well respected.
Grace, if you're not gonna get
any help for these mood swings
or whatever this is, then,
I just don't think
I can go on with things.
I need to do
what's best for me,
so that I can keep my sanity.
So you wanna leave me, Harvey?
Hahaha! Haha!
A disorder?
Well, that would explain
the highs and lows in your mood.
And it's treatable. It will
make your life easier to manage.
I manage my life
just fine, thank you.
You know how you can
overreact sometimes.
Right? And when that happens,
you can't control yourself.
Two weeks ago,
her friends were visiting
from New York.
That snobby bitch!
You said he just liked it
and bought it on a whim
without knowing anything
about it or the artist.
So I just thought you might want
a little background.
So I'm just the uneducated,
plain folk?
I mean, I think
the fact
that I picked out the picture says
I have pretty damn good taste.
- It is a lovely piece.
- I don't need your condescension.
Grace, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to offend you...
You sit there thinking
that you are better than us and
smarter than us - Grace, stop!
She's our guest.
This is just like you
not to be on my side.
Look what you made me do!
You've ruined everything!
She didn't mean that.
- I'm so sorry.
- Grace, you are not alone.
Alright, over 400000 people
suffer from HPD.
I'm sure we can find a way
to make your life much better
if you're willing
to accept treatment.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom,
and I will see you outside.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I can't believe you!
To think that we're in a place
that you need to take me
to a shrink!
What are you doing?
We're still
talking here, Harvey!
I just need a few minutes, OK?
It is just like you
to avoid this.
I'm not avoiding anything;
I just need a few minutes.
I'm gonna fix the lights
that you keep complaining about,
and that will give you time
to just calm down.
Are you sure about
this HPD diagnosis?
Well, look
what happened today:
erratic behaviour, unwillingness
to accept criticism,
low tolerance
of frustration.
And then look at what happened
at the party. Rash decisions,
overly dramatic
and emotional
and need to be
the centre of attention.
Yes, it's HPD.
I will try and get her back in
for another appointment.
And if it's not with me,
it needs to be with someone.
These are only
gonna get worse.
More symptoms,
more extreme behaviour.
She could start
to act out sexually,
becoming obsessed
with a relationship
that she believes to be intimate
when it's not,
using somatic illness
or a trauma
to garner attention.
In short, your wife needs help.
Now, you can keep your sanity.
- Welcome!
- Thanks!
- I'm Erin.
- Grace. Grace Fisher.
- I live just over there in that red, brick house.
- Cute!
Umm, I've heard
this neighbourhood is amazing.
I did a bunch of research.
Yeah, the best neighbourhood.
Where did you move in from?
Mount Vernon, Ohio.
Yeah, I saw this place online.
It's completely furnished,
but the owner doesn't have
the best taste, so...
Thank God it's a fresh start.
I'm looking forward
to buying some new furniture.
Fresh start?
- Yes.
- It's very exciting.
Yeah. It was time for me,
experience different things,
meet new people.
Well, I can help with that.
We're having a gathering
at our place Saturday afternoon.
You should stop by.
Really?
Yeah. There will be a ton of neighbours
there, and you can give them a proper hello.
I would love that. It'd be
my first big-city party.
- Well, I'll see you there.
- Yes! Thank you!
Bye!
- This is good?
- Yes.
Got it! Here.
Crap! These are
the absolute worst.
- Here.
- No, no,
you don't have to do that.
No, I got more than enough.
Hahaha!
Thank you.
- Don't mention it.
- I'm Grace.
Robert Harris.
Nice to meet you.
Get the groceries home safely.
- I will now thanks to you.
- OK.
- Grace?
- Yes.
- Tina.
- Hi.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you!
- H.R. asked me to help you get set up.
- Great!
We'll be working
next to each other.
And since it's your first day,
I hope
you'll let me take you to lunch?
That sounds lovely.
So, do you have any plans
this weekend? I know
you just moved here,
so if you want a P.I.C.
to see any of the sights,
let me know.
Thank you. That's very sweet. But
actually, I met one of my neighbours.
She's awesome!
And she invited me
to this block party.
And I have a mountain
of unpacked boxes.
- Yeah.
- And if that's not enough,
for my first weekend,
I am keeping
my fingers crossed
that I'll get to meet up
with an old friend for coffee.
A man?
Yes.
We reconnected
when I found out he lived here.
He's a professor
at Horton.
And an author. Have you heard
of Robert Harris?
- No.
- That's OK.
Um, not everybody has.
His books tend to be
more academic.
Is he single?
Well, I don't know.
Umm, it's been years.
I'm hoping to find out.
I love it. You'll have
to tell me everything on Monday.
I won't leave out
a single dirty detail.
- Hey, you made it!
- Yeah!
- That dress is amazing!
- Do you like it?
- I love it. It's beautiful.
- You don't think it's too much?
No, not at all. You'll be the
hit of the party. Come on in.
Wow! I want to introduce you
to my boyfriend, Robert. Robert!
This is Grace.
She's our new neighbour.
- Hey.
- She's in Bruce's old place.
- Right on. Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you! Ha!
- And she brought us this.
- My!
- Yeah.
- That's a... that's a 2007 Bordeaux.
- You know it?
- I've heard of it, yeah, but
I've never had it. Thank you.
Of course.
No, I work at a law firm
in downtown.
- So you're lawyer?
- No. A transcriber.
- Cool!
- Erin!
- I'll be right back!
- Can you hide that,
put it somewhere safe?
Yeah, I can do that.
The market.
The market where I met you
and your groceries.
Outside the market. I was hoping
you didn't remember that.
That was quite embarrassing.
Nonsense.
Let me get you a drink. What
are you having? Wine.
- Red? White?
- Red.
OK. Wayne.
Wayne, I want you
to meet the new kid
on the block. This is Grace.
- H-hi.
- Hi!
Wayne here
is our number one resource
in neighbourhood protection.
You a cop?
No. I've never had
that distinction.
Just a bored,
old insurance investigator
with too much time on his hands.
Well, I already
feel safer.
Now, we live in
a reasonably quiet neighbourhood
and, I don't mean
to alarm you here, but,
just the other day,
I found this guy
stalking around
a vacant lot over
on Quail Road. Looks like
he was trying to squat.
So you be careful?
Be aware of your surroundings.
Always.
Wayne, I get worried
when you start confronting these
guys. I mean, I hope you're not
putting yourself in risk
when you're dealing with 'em.
Baah. - : Well, if you
ever need any help, let me know.
- Well, I appreciate it, Robert.
- Alright.
- Robert!
- Excuse me.
So...
are you married?
No. Single
and in the big city.
My gosh!
I am such a klutz!
Your dress!
Ummm......
OK, come on. Come on.
OK.
I know Erin has something
for just this type
of situation.
You know, it's been driving
me crazy since I met you,
that I knew you from somewhere,
and then I heard that you're
an author.
I am. Where the hell is that?
You're  the Robert Harris.
The 60s: The Pop Culture
Revolution? I've read your book.
- Come on! Really? You like it?
- Yes! Yes! I adored it.
I'd love to talk about it,
but I want to make sure
I haven't ruined your dress.
No, you didn't. It's fine!
Erin will know where the stain
remover is. Give me a second.
I'm just relieved
it came out.
Me too.
Thank you guys
so much for letting me
in your beautiful home.
I had the best time.
Glad to hear.
Haha!
Well, we should do lunch.
Definitely. I'm
on the road starting Tuesday,
but when I'm back,
we'll set something up.
- Perfect! OK.
- Right. Hey, it's a pleasure
to meet you. Pleasure to meet you too.
Bye, guys!
- See you.
- Get home safe.
Liked her.
I know.
So, tell me. Did you meet
your friend for the coffee date?
It wasn't a date.
Not at first.
O.M.G.! Tell me.
A lady never
sleeps and tells.
- Shut up! You didn't?
- I didn't.
But was the magic
still there?
It was just like old times,
like that teenage love of the past.
But there are
some grown-up hurdles.
He's not married, is he?
- No, no, no.
- Trust me,
never get involved
with a married man.
He's just getting out of a heavy relationship
and doesn't want to rush into anything.
And neither should you.
You need to be careful.
Don't worry,
I know what I'm doing.
"Stalked over 6 months."
Just the other day,
I found this guy
stalking around a vacant lot
over on Quail Road.
Well, if you ever
need any help, let me know.
Bye.
Help!
Help! Help!
Robert!
Grace? What's wrong?
- There's someone in the house!
- What?!
Who? I don't know!
He ran out the back!
- Are you hurt? Did he hurt you?
- No!
No.
OK. Come on, let's get in
the house. We'll call the cops.
Now tell me, why do you think
you have a stalker?
Have you
seen him before?
No. I, just...
The last couple days,
I just haven't felt alone.
Did you get a good look to be
able to give a description?
White.
Tall
and slim built.
Any facial hair? Hair color?
I-I-I couldn't tell.
I mean, he slipped away
too fast.
We have a neighbour;
he's a retired
insurance investigator
named Wayne McNeely.
- Wayne. I know Wayne.
- OK, then
I think maybe you should talk to him. He
might be able to help you find this guy.
He was telling us
about how he ran
someone off last week.
I'll check in with him.
It's all clear, ma'am.
We have your statement,
and we can walk you
back over if you like.
- Wait, that's it?
- That's all for now. There's not really much to go on.
No forced entry,
no broken windows,
no evidence of any kind
that there was someone there.
Just a shadow.
It was more
than just a shadow.
Any tips or suggestions
of what she can do to stay safe
until you find this guy?
For now, Ms. Fisher,
change your locks,
get an alarm system,
maybe buy a dog;
but most importantly,
be vigilant about being alone
in the street.
OK.
Now if you're ready,
we can take you back over.
That's OK, guys. I'll
make sure she gets home safe.
Thanks. Thanks for your help.
Thank you.
So does
Erin travel a lot for work?
Yeah, yeah. She's in charge of
the Northeast corridor, so...
- What is her job exactly?
- She's a rep for Mensoto.
It's a biotech
manufacturer.
Yeah, you probably have
never heard of it.
Sorry.
So that must make
your relationship hard,
the travelling.
I mean, it's...
It doesn't help, but I mean,
it is what it is.
You, you love somebody,
you do whatever it takes to be
with that person, right?
- Yeah, absolutely.
- Yeah. So, is it
the bright lights, big city
that drew you to us?
You know,
I just needed a change
after my husband
passed away.
God, Grace,
I... I had no idea.
Yeah, we were
high-school sweethearts.
Man.
I can understand why
you'd want some change.
I... Do you mind
if I ask how he passed?
- Brain tumour.
- Wow.
It was a long,
tough battle, but,
in the end,
he was at peace.
They make good drinks.
Yes, they do.
I think I had too many.
Thank you for tonight.
It was my pleasure.
- I have one last request though.
- OK, shoot.
Would you mind
checking the rooms in my house?
Yeah, sure.
OK.
Hello.
It's right here.
I mean,
everything looks fine.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. Don't mention it.
Have a good night.
You too. Ha!
Robert!
Grace!
You're mine, Robert.
That's unbelievable!
I always chalked it up
to Wayne being overly paranoid,
but a stalker?!
Yeah.
Wow! Is she doing OK?
Well...
she seems OK,
but who knows,
right?
So, hey, I know
you just got in,
but we have Wayne's
for dinner tonight.
That's right.
Here you go.
- Thanks.
- Speaking of dinner,
tell me about last night.
It's that serious? No.
Amanda's leaving the company.
- Where's she going?
- Some start-up wooed her away.
That's tough. She was
always a big ally for you.
She still is,
even on her way out.
And she's involved
in hiring her replacement
and she's convinced corporate
to consider me
for the position.
Replacing Amanda at corporate?
That's big! Wow!
There will be
a vetting process,
and it'd mean
major changes.
- Like moving to Baltimore?
- Like moving to Baltimore. - OK.
Well, I mean...
I could write anywhere.
I could teach.
Just have to figure out
my tenure.
I know... I know
it's a lot for you
to have to give up
to make this happen.
But I wouldn't be
travelling near as much
and it's a substantial
pay increase.
Just always thought this is
gonna be our forever home.
I know. I did too.
We don't have
to make a decision today,
but Amanda's
giving them a month,
and they'd like to have someone
in place before she leaves.
We'll figure this out.
Yes, we will.
OK. I think
that's it!
Thank you.
It's nothing.
For dinner tonight,
there's a little bit of prep.
Will you be home
around 4?
I should be home. But if
I'm not back from my errands,
there's a spare key
under the flower pot
by the backdoor.
Perfect.
Thank you so much, Wayne.
Hey, no problem.
Anytime.
- Bye.
- Hey, hello there!
- Hi!
- Come on in!
- Thanks for having us over!
- Hahaha!
- Smells so great!
- Good to see you.
- That's for you.
Yeah, what are you
cooking up, Wayne?
Well, I hope you don't mind;
I solicited some help
putting dinner together.
Hi, you two!
- Hi!
- Happy to see you!
Hi.
They were wondering
what's on the menu.
So it's chicken cacciatore.
I've never done it before,
so I'm just praying to
the kitchen gods that it's not
a complete and utter disaster.
No, it'll be fantastic.
Here, you take that in,
and you go on in.
I'll take your coats.
- Alright.
- Thanks.
So yeah, I spent
the day with Grace
getting her set up
like Fort Knox.
I don't know what I would have done
without him. I'm gonna go grab dessert.
- Yeah.
- Yum-yum.
So, Erin, what's new
with you? How's the job?
Well, you know how fond
I am of being subtle.
It's...
it's gonna be hard for me
to see you go.
What's this?
Well, it appears
Erin here has
a job opportunity
in Baltimore.
No! I mean,
that's wonderful for you,
but I'm gonna miss you.
I mean, we were just getting
to know each other.
Thank you. That's sweet.
And I'm sure
long-distance
relationships aren't difficult
these days with, you know,
technology being able to connect to you.
Well, I mean,
it's not... it's not
set in stone yet. But I mean,
if it does happen,
then we'll be moving together.
And it's the... it's the most
plausible option, right?
Yeah.
It's already getting crazy.
I mean, I'm back
on the road
for a few days.
Dammit, Grace,
keep it together.
Keep it together.
He'll stay; she'll leave.
He'll stay.
Stay.
I appreciate
you guys walking me home.
God, it's the least we could
do after that wonderful meal.
- I'm glad you guys liked it.
- Yeah.
Well, we want to make sure
you got home safe.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
Good night!
- You got your keys?
- Yep.
OK. Good night.
Have a seat.
Well, that was a fun night.
Yes, it was.
Morning, girl.
Grace?
- You're late!
- Sorry.
I didn't have time
to go home after my date.
It's going that well?
Yeah, except he might be
leaving town.
No! That's no good when you
guys are finally reconnecting.
Yeah, well, desperate times
call for desperate measures.
- What are you gonna do?
- I'm not quite sure yet.
Maybe you can convince him
to stay?
Maybe.
- Lunch?
- I'm sorry, I can't.
I gotta be somewhere.
Who can,
who can tell me something else that
would have been happening around '68?
Anyone? No? Probably the birth
of half your parents.
Yeah?
They were protesting
Vietnam War.
That's right.
That's not fair.
This is not right.
For him, for her,
or for us.
Haha!
Bye.
Argh!!
Help! HELP ME!
Help! HELP!
Help me! Help me! Help me!
Hello?
- Woman:
- Yep, this is him.
Wait, what, what? Sorry?
Wait a sec. What's this about?
When?
Is she there now?
- Hey.
- Hey. How are you?
Are you out?
Someone attacked her, Erin.
Attacked what?
Grace. Outside the Gastro.
They think it may have been
My God! Is she OK?
I don't know.
I'm just getting here.
If they release her tonight, you might want to
offer to stay at our place in the guestroom.
It's a good idea.
It's late, are you OK?
Yeah, I'm good.
Everything's fine.
You deal with that;
we'll talk later. Love you!
I love you.
Dr.
Langley to the ER. Dr. Langley.
- Can I help you?
- I'm looking
for my friend Grace.
She was admitted earlier.
- Robert?
- Grace?
My God! Are you OK?
Are you OK? What...?
- I just...
- What happened?
It happened so fast.
I mean, he just grabbed me
from behind and his mouth
was whispering to my ear,
and he was upset because
I was talking with another man.
And then he just...
he wouldn't let me go,
and he... he said
he was gonna do things to me.
And then I somehow broke free.
God, you got away.
Did you tell the police
all about it?
- Yeah, they just left.
- And what did they say?
That they would do
their best to find him.
Code Blue 15-0-1.
All doctors on the first floor,
please be warned...
Erin suggested
you stay with us tonight.
So why don't we
get you out of here.
OK?
- What is it?
- Nothing.
- No, tell me.
- I just...
I don't know, I don't want
you guys to leave.
You and Erin, you just...
you've made me feel
like I'm not alone.
Grace, you're not alone.
You're not alone.
Wayne is just a couple of doors down from
you, and he's - : Wayne.
I do have Wayne.
But Wayne is not you.
We'll tell the other
neighbours about your situation.
So you are leaving?
Yeah, I-I think so.
OK.
So, you know,
just let me know
what you need
if you need anything.
There's...
Yeah, some old t-shirts
if you wanna get changed.
And here's a towel
if you want
to get washed up.
My God.
You're OK.
Good night.
You're not going
anywhere, Robert.
How are you doing?
- I'm OK. Better.
- God!
I'm just relieved
it wasn't any worse.
Any news
on finding this guy?
No. No.
They'll find him.
They have to.
I know they will.
Thanks.
Robert made
the most amazing
French toast.
You know what, actually,
let me serve you some.
- No, sit!
- Yes, yes. It's the least
I could do. You two, sit.
Thank you.
So, what happened?
Well,
they're still making a decision,
but it's pretty much mine
to lose. I have to go to the
Wincott office this afternoon
and start a new project though.
That's quick.
I know. It's gonna be a long
night. And I think it's gonna be
an even longer month.
Burning the midnight oil,
pulling in
16-hour days.
Sounds fun, right?
It will be worth it.
We're in it together,
and I'm there for you.
There's so much to do,
so much to do.
Argh!!
Grace?
You can't have him!
It didn't have to come to this.
It's for the best.
If I may,
what is the occasion?
Just a small gathering
of friends and family.
For anything special?
My engagement party.
I don't know.
I don't think it'll help.
Robert, even if it's not much,
you should try
eating something.
Thanks.
Look, man, we're going.
It will be good for you.
It's just so much to do.
It's only
a couple of days.
What's this?
Where are you going?
Tomorrow,
I'm taking Robert
to my family's cabin
for a few days.
Any news
on the investigation?
No. Ahem! No, they haven't
told me anything.
Calm down, Grace.
It's just a few days.
He'll be back. Just...
keep it together.
He needs to wash away.
Let him wash away.
Where's Robert? He went to
close his eyes for a bit.
- He went to sleep?!
- Maybe at this point, yeah.
I mean, it's,
it's been a long day.
For everybody.
I know.
I just, ummm...
I wanted to say good night.
Yeah, I'll let him know.
- Hello?
- Hey. I didn't get a chance
to tell you this in person, but
I just want to say thank you.
And,
I couldn't have gone through it
without you, so
You're welcome.
If you need anything else,
just let me know.
You've done enough already.
I just thought,
you're gonna be away
during trash day; I could take
your bins to the curb.
You don't have to,
but if you do, there's a key
in the back
under one of those fake rocks.
I'll take care of it. Bye.
Excuse me.
What are you leaving there?
Just some food.
Who sent you?
No one made...
I did it on my own.
I work with Grace.
She's been missing work on and
off for the last week or two.
It's the flu, I think,
and I know
how tough that can be,
especially when you're new
to the city.
But she's not answering,
so I guess she started
to feel better and she got out.
Sorry to prod. It's just
we've had some trouble
in the neighbourhood as of late.
No offence taken.
Have a nice day.
You too.
Ha!
Thanks, Bruce.
And, good luck
with those tests.
Yeah. I'll see you soon.
Will you please
pick up?
Good. Good, good, good.
Hey.
Hey there.
Well, I'm happy to see
you made it back safe.
Yeah. Yeah.
Alright, this is
for you.
It's no Bordeaux;
it's just from the area
that Nathan and I were.
Hoho! That's nice of you.
You shouldn't have.
Tt's the least I could do for
everything you've done for me.
How are you? You OK?
What is it?
Let me show you something.
What the hell is this, Grace?
Are these from him?
Yeah.
Have you told
the detectives?
I just sent over a release,
but they can't do anything
until it goes through.
When did he leave these?
Last night. Late.
Can you, can you play 'em?
I wanna hear 'em.
Will you please
pick up?
I just wanna hear your voice.
That night at the pub
was nothing
if you continue to ignore me.
All of these?
They get worse?
Yeah.
How long does this
have to go on?
I'm not accepting this. We're not accepting
this! What are they gonna have us do?
Just wait around
while this guy terrorizes you?!
And the cops do nothing?!
Robert, calm down.
I think I have an idea
how we can find this guy.
There you go.
I know exactly where this is.
Let's go.
OK, this is the place.
I never asked you;
how was the cabin?
Honestly?
Horrible.
Nothing to do but just sit
up there and think about Erin
and how some... savage
took her away from me.
You know, you could always
take time off work.
No, it's good to be back.
Got work. Got the book. Got this
book-signing thing tomorrow.
I thought about cancelling.
Well, if you want to,
then you should.
No.
If I cancel, then it'd just be
that much easier
to say no
or cancel the next thing.
I'm gonna go and check him out.
Be careful.
Were you working
here last night?
What of it?
Did you let anyone
use that phone?
No, man, that would
cost me my job.
Right. Sure.
Sure wouldn't know.
Is that your name?
Yeah.
What's this about?
Well...
you see that phone was used
to threaten my friend.
And if you didn't let anyone else
use it, then that means it was you.
I... I didn't
use that phone.
We got the messages. My next
stop is the police station.
So once we tie those calls
to her attacker...
- Whoa-whoa! She was attacked?
- That's right.
Yo, I didn't know
about any of that, man.
I-I thought I was just...
You thought what?
Yo, I was trying
to make some quick extra cash.
How?
Somebody paid me to leave
those messages, gave me a number
to call and what to say.
- Who?! Who paid you?!
- Don't know, man. Hooked it up
on anonilyst. No name. And you didn't
think what you were doing was wrong?
People are weird.
They get off
on strange stuff. It was 50 bucks
for 30 messages, man. That was it!
"50 bucks"?
So what did he say?
He claimed somebody paid him
to make the calls.
What do we do now?
Take what we got
and pass it along to the police.
That's it?
It means a lot
to have you there.
I just wanted
to tell you that.
Well, you've been
there for me too.
I was wondering if I could go
to your book signing tomorrow.
it will be pretty boring.
Well, I've never been
to a book signing before,
so I think
it would be
pretty exciting if the first one
I went to, I knew the author.
Yeah. It would be nice
to see a familiar face.
Great!
I'll walk you.
I'm thinking
all this started at her work.
Did you get her to put
an employer down
on her rental agreement?
I did. I got
a copy of it, somewhere.
Yeah.
Since she was coming in
from out of State,
I wanted proof
of employment.
And I spoke to a woman
at the law firm
that hired her too.
But I'm not sure
I needed all that
for her though.
She paid three months
in advance.
Must have had
quite the insurance payout
when her husband died.
Here we go.
- Hi!
- Hi.
Glad to see you back. How did
that last piece work for you?
It was a hit.
Everyone loved it.
And what are you
looking for today?
Something elegant
to impress my man.
Well, she never
told me she had a stalker.
Maybe that's why
she kept calling in sick,
why she quit!
She quit? When was that?
The day after I dropped off
the food.
When I talked to you.
What's she like
around the office?
A little flashy.
A little too eager to show off
what she had, you know?
I can see that.
I wish I could tell you more,
but every time we talked,
it was just chitchat. But have
you talked to her boyfriend yet?
He might be able
to tell you something.
Boyfriend?
No, I didn't know
she had one. Who is he?
Some professor-writer
over at Horton.
You need to tell me everything
she said about this boyfriend.
- Hey!
- Hey.
Thanks for coming.
Of course.
Umm, let me just...
OK. One second.
I can take-
Want me to take that? I got it.
- Right.
- Hahaha! It's a nice crowd.
- Yeah. Yeah, I mean
it's not Beatlemania,
but not bad
for pop-culture
historical-text fans, I guess.
But they'll show.
How about when this is over
we grab a bite?
Yeah, that sounds good.
- OK.
- I think I better get started.
OK.
- Hi.
Johnny.
There you are.
Thanks a lot. Enjoy.
Enjoy it.
Thank you, Dr. Harris.
I wish you didn't
feel it necessary
to lie to me, Grace.
I tried to be your friend!
I wanted to make you
feel welcome,
and I could have been
there for you as you dealt
with that stalker your neighbour
Wayne was telling me about.
But no, you lied to me
about everything,
including that boyfriend.
Have a nice life, Grace.
Enjoy.
Thank you,
Dr. Harris.
- How you do?
- Fine, thanks.
Here you are.
Thanks a lot.
- I loved the book.
- OK.
Yes. Have a great day.
Mathieu.
Enjoy.
Hi there.
Thanks for buying it.
Thank you.
Sorry. Um,
I'm not feeling
very well. I'm gonna actually head home.
OK. Well, get well.
- Thanks. Rain check on dinner?
- Yeah.
- Hi. To Angela.
- Sorry.
Wayne called. No message.
Wayne? Wayne!
No! No! No!
Wayne! Wayne!
Everything
is gonna be... fine.
Hey, you got this.
- 15-0-7.
-  Hey.
- It's a home monitor security.
- So what do we got?
For now, it appears
the old man
took a header
down the stairs.
He'd been drinking.
Found an empty
scotch box in his room.
That's it?
That's it.
He has 150 yards
around the house for no reason.
Hey, how you doing?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Just him, ma'am.
So what were you
doing here anyway?
I...I was
just out, um,
for a run, and I...
I, stopped
to catch my breath.
And I checked my phone and saw
that he had called earlier.
...You know,
ever since Grace's been dealing
with what she's going through,
we've been talking
pretty regularly.
- Grace?
- Yeah. It's Grace.
Another neighbour who's been
dealing with a stalker thing.
She's filed with the police.
Who's handling her case?
Detectives Gregory and Johnson.
Listen,
you left your info with the
responding officer over there,
so if I need you for anything...
Yeah, I just...
Alright. You can go.
Hey.
Let's head out the door handles
and cabinet knobs to prints;
make sure our man here didn't
have any unwanted visitors.
Yeah, OK.
He was such
a wonderful man.
He didn't deserve
what happened to him.
I just can't believe
any of this.
Did the detective say anything to
you when you were talking to him?
He just wanted to know
what I was doing there,
you know, and how I...
I found him.
I just thought
that you
pointed to me
at one point.
Yeah...Yes.
I was telling him
about your situation.
To Wayne.
You know I'm
gonna go freshen up real quick
because I know this is just
a mess. I'll be right back.
I'm sorry.
I must have fallen
asleep last night.
It's OK. That's OK.
I gotta go. Big day.
Thank you, Robert.
I'm happy we weren't alone
last night.
Me too.
Wait. Would you mind
if I made you
dinner tonight?
Sounds nice.
Reminds me those papers
are due next class.
I suggest you get started.
Detective, what can
I do for you?
Just some follow-up.
Listen, doing our door-to-doors,
we learned that your neighbours
heard what could have been
a gunshot or firecrackers
or a car backfiring.
Did you hear anything?
No.
No, but I... I mean,
I had my headphones in
'til I got to the house.
Wayne wasn't shot, was he?
No, no, no, no,
he wasn't. I mean,
we found a bullet hole
in his wall
and a .45-calibre
bullet, except
he had a Colt revolver
registered in his name.
Now because of that,
we tested his hands. Guess what.
We found gunpowder residue.
He fired it?
- Looks like it, yeah.
- So, it wasn't an accident?
I mean, someone...
someone killed him?
Well, we won't know that
until the autopsy results
and the analysis
of the fall.
We also couldn't find
any cell phone,
you know. And in my experience,
the only guns and phones
that leave the scene of a crime
are the ones being carried out,
so somebody was in that house.
Listen. I'd like to learn more
about Grace's stalker.
So would I.
But I already told you
everything I know. Have you talked
to the detectives working the case?
Yes, I did, but they didn't
find any physical evidence,
just a lot of incident reports. There's more
than reports. I mean, the girl was attacked.
I understand. I understand.
Here's what I'm thinking though:
maybe Wayne finally found or saw
something that made him a liability.
Now, from what we gathered,
he started looking
into her past, right?
When she was married,
when she was Gracie Winston.
Really?
How much
do you know about her?
I know she was married,
widowed. Lost her husband
to brain cancer.
- Cancer?!
- Yes.
But he died from a broken neck
when he fell off a ladder.
No, it was,
it was a brain tumour.
Wow. Well, either you're wrong
or the Mount Vernon PD
and the insurance company that lists the
cause of death is. Did she tell you
it was cancer?
Yes.
- So she lied.
- I-I, I guess.
I'm sure she had her reasons
why. If you have any questions,
why don't you just ask her?
I plan to.
Listen, when was the last time
you communicated
with Wayne anyway?
A few days ago.
- Not yesterday?
- No, I told you, I missed his call.
But what about a text?
- I don't think so.
- His phone record showed a text
to you around the time
of the call.
No. See? Nothing.
OK. Well,
once we locate his phone,
then we will probably
clear that up.
One other item,
sorry.
You make anything of this?
Well, we think
it's from a blouse.
We found it upstairs
at Wayne's place.
It's probably just
one of these weird things.
Have a good day.
Hey, dude.
Hey, man.
You OK?
Wayne's dead.
- That old man from the block?
- Yeah.
Wow. That blows, man.
What happened?
Not sure.
Look, if there was a text
message erased from a phone,
is there any way to retrieve it?
Yeah. It depends
on a number of factors:
model of phone, carrier...
Could you
check it out?
Yeah, sure. We'll mirror
the info to my computer;
I'll see what I can find.
Great.
Hi. Haha!
Come in.
This way.
You look stressed.
Here, I'll bring you
a glass of wine.
No thank you.
I-I don't want to drink tonight.
OK.
Well, sit down, relax.
Make yourself at home.
Yeah.
Haha!
I know this might sound silly,
but I would love it
if you signed my book.
I thought it'd be cheesy
to ask you the other day
at the bookstore.
OK. Now, you officially
have me worried.
Sorry.
My mind just keeps
going back
to that first night
we went out
after the break-in.
The drinks at Gastro?
I remember it.
That was the night that we
really got to know each other.
Yeah. That was, wasn't it?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Yeah, you were
so open with me.
You told me about
your husband...
and how he died
of lung cancer.
- Brain tumour.
Right. Sorry.
No,
that's OK. We've both been
through a lot in the last month.
That was the night
when all this...
weirdness started happening,
and before, this was such
a nice, quiet neighbourhood.
But it still is.
OK, let's eat dinner.
You know I'm not really
all that hungry.
Even if it's not much,
you really should try
to eat something.
Even if it's not much,
you should try eating something.
Robert?
- Can you pass the wine?
- Right.
Something wrong, Robert?
Not feeling well.
excuse me.
Robert?
Just give me a minute.
"Found this
It was deleted off your phone.
'911. Call as soon as you can.
It's about Grace.'"
Did you get a good look
to be able to give a description?
I couldn't tell.
He slipped away too fast.
No forced entry,
no broken windows,
no evidence of any kind
that there was someone there.
People are weird.
They get off on strange stuff.
It was 50 bucks for 30 messages,
man. That was it.
Did the detective say anything
to you? I just thought that
you pointed to me at one point. The
only guns and phones that leave
the scene of a crime
are the ones being carried out,
so somebody was in that house.
I don't want you guys
to leave.
You're not alone.
Wayne is just a couple of doors
down from you.
Wayne.
I do have Wayne,
but Wayne is not you.
Maybe Wayne finally found or saw
something that made him a liability.
Now from what we gathered, he
started looking into her past.
When she was married,
when she was Gracie Winston.
It was a long,
tough battle, but
in the end, he was at peace.:
Did she tell you it was cancer?
- Yes.
- So she lied.
Are you feeling
any better?
Just... confused.
About everything.
A lot of questions.
That's understandable.
I've grown to really care
about you, Grace.
I feel the same.
It's been there
ever since...
- Was that the night we met?
- Outside of the market.
Outside that market.
Yeah, fate put us there
in that moment.
It did.
I'm so happy
you came into my life.
I've never met anyone
quite like you.
I've never known
anyone like you either.
But if these feelings
are real, are true,
if we are to be soulmates,
then we can't have
any lies between us.
I haven't...
You haven't been
truthful with me.
I found the message from Wayne
you deleted from my phone.
- I don't want you to hate me.
- I can never.
To love is to forgive.
And to forgive is to love.
And you have
done so much to bring us
together, haven't you?
Yes.
I can tell.
And I'm so appreciative
that I want to show you
how appreciative I am.
I don't want this time
to go to waste.
- What do you mean?
- If there's anything
anyone could use
to keep us apart,
then we have to take care
of it, now, together.
I don't want to be apart.
I want to be with you.
You want to be with me?
Of course.
At Erin's memorial...
you were wearing
this black blouse,
and there...
these tiny,
little buttons
that shined.
And you, you played
with them.
I... I was so nervous
that day.
It was such a horrible day.
I mean, you suffered
so tremendously.
I wanted to make sure
that everything went
smoothly for you.
The police found one of
those buttons at Wayne's house.
So, if you haven't already,
then you need to get rid
of that blouse.
It's...
it's buried
in the garbage.
We should burn it.
And we need to get rid
of Wayne's gun too.
I mean, the police haven't
found it in his house.
of the evidence with you, it'd
make me complicit in his murder
and it would
it would bound us together.
Forever.
I didn't...
I didn't want
to store it anywhere.
I mean, what if a kid found it?
Hurt himself or someone else?
Sure.
Of course. Of course.
Well, we need
to get rid of it.
Where is it?
It's over there,
in that vent.
Wayne was always
sticking his nose
into everyone's
else business.
I knew it would be
his undoing eventually.
Well...
He didn't want us
to be together.
Yeah.
No one did.
No one can keep us
apart now.
I just need that gun.
I can't...
I can't seem to reach it.
Are you sure
that's the right...?
Every time
that I've been in trouble,
you've been there for me.
That's love, Robert.
Pointing a gun
at me isn't love.
Threatening my life isn't love.
I've done so much to show you
how much I love you,
and you don't even care!
I mean, she didn't love you;
I had to deliver you from her!
- Erin?
- Yes, Erin,
Robert.
You're sick, Grace.
You're just like
my husband.
You know, he lost
faith in me too.
You know,
it should be so simple:
you just have to love me.
I loved Erin.
She was my life.
Just put the gun down.
She didn't love you,
Robert!
She was stealing
your life away from you.
You didn't want to move.
She was forcing you
to sacrifice everything
while she sacrificed nothing!
I chose her.
OK? I chose her.
I chose
a life with her.
I have done
everything so that we could
finally be together.
You lied
about everything, Grace.
- It was all for us!
- OK.
- It was all for us.
- Put the gun down.
I want you
to love me, Robert. Haha!
I just...
wanna hear you say it.
Just once.
Robert, I want
to hear you say it.
Just once,
just say it.
I love you.
- No!
- You need help, Grace.
I just need you, Robert!
I just need you!
I'm gonna give you
what you need!
Love me!
Robert, love me!
Stop! Stop fighting!
Don't! OK, easy, easy!
Easy.
As long as we're together,
everything will be alright.
Grace, I need you
to put that knife down.
I'll always be there for you.
I'll always come for you.
You're lying.
What are you doing? Don't.
Don't. Don't.
He loves me.
He's gonna come.
I know he's gonna come,
he's gonna come.
Any minute.
He loves me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org